Python version is above 3.10, patching the collections module.
run generation {'lazy_mode': True, 'hpu_graphs': True, 'max_new_tokens': 512, 'num_beams': 1, 'ignore_eos': False}
You are a helpful language and vision assistant. You are able to understand the visual content that the user provides, and assist the user with a variety of tasks using natural language.

User: <image_placeholder>Describe each stage of this image.

Assistant: The image depicts a three-stage process for training a vision-language model, as indicated by the labels at the top of each stage.

Stage 1: Training VL Adapter
In this stage, a DeepSeek LLM is shown with a Vision-Language Adapter attached to it. The adapter is designed to take image-text pairs as input and output pure language sequences. This suggests that the model is being trained to understand and generate text based on visual information.

Stage 2: Joint VL Pre-training
The second stage shows a similar setup to the first, with a DeepSeek LLM and a Vision-Language Adapter. However, the adapter is now labeled as "Vision-Language Encoder," indicating a change in the model's architecture or the specific task it is being trained for. The image-text pairs are now labeled as "Interleaved VL + Pure Language Sequences," suggesting that the model is being trained to process both image-text pairs and pure language sequences simultaneously.

Stage 3: Supervised Fine-tuning
In the final stage, the model has evolved to a "DeepSeek LLM" with a "Hybrid Vision Encoder" and a "Hybrid Vision Decoder." The image-text pairs are now labeled as "VL Chat Data + Pure Language Chat Data," indicating that the model is being fine-tuned to process conversational data, likely for the purpose of generating text in response to visual inputs.

Throughout all stages, the visual clues such as the labels and the architecture of the model suggest a progression from a basic vision-language understanding model to a more complex one capable of handling both image-text pairs and conversational data. The color coding (blue for stage 1, orange for stage 2, and light brown for stage 3) helps to visually distinguish the stages and the changes in the model's architecture and training data.
